when I was when I was a kid. I want Thio do something completely different
than what I'm doing right now. I remember my grandmother had this
piano that I used to play, and after my keys, my hands went on the
keys and I started listening to music. I knew I was gonna at least
give it being a musician, a shot. And then I used to live with my mother
and she used to draw all the time. And so, after drawing my first
few cricketers, I said, You know what? I'm an artist. And I think
that really stuck with me the whole entire time that I was a kid when
I was in middle school, I used to live in Germany and, uh, I was
going to a German school and I didn't speak German at all. And then,
um, we had to learn French while I was in Germany. So I was learning
French in German, and I was translating the both at home so that
I knew I was gonna be, um, an international relations this guy. But
none of that worked out. Eventually, I became an electrician's an engineer,
and right now I'm a computer science scientists. So